Order the waiting queue for asyncio ConcurrencyLimiter (#455)
agronholm/anyio: docs/versionhistory.rst

This library adheres to `Semantic Versioning 2.0 <http://semver.org/>`_.

> **3.6.2**
> 
> - Fixed ``asyncio`` ``ConcurrencyLimiter`` to correctly order waiting tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**UNRELEASED**

- Fixed ``ConcurrencyLimiter`` on the asyncio backend to order waiting tasks in the FIFO
  order (instead of LIFO) (PR by Conor Stevenson)
```
